#FoodToken 🍝 - is a Italian Project based with good people who worked in different small and big company wich accumulated a lot of knowledge in Food Industry. 
The main field of work of the company is the food market, which is in desperate need of reorganization and simplification of supply chains for all people .But other types of production and distribution are also possible for implementation in blockchain technology.
The Food Token brings crypto for everyone's reach, give people a big opportunity to buy the token at low price with minimal investement so high growth potential without fear and with trust.
Food Token is a new revolutionizing and unique Token to ensures the future easy distribution and payment System around the World a better Ecosystem Blockchain Integration in all type of food and Markets.



The Team & Website

We are only 3 people behind this project :
For more info. Please visit Links ⬇️

• Mike Alonzo – ⬇️
https://mikealonzofdt.tumblr.com/

• Leonardo Gustavo -⬇️ https://leonardogustavo.tumblr.com 

• Iulius Chef – ⬇️
https://iuliuschef.tumblr.com/

Website ➡️  https://fdt-token.com/
• Our team never Pm/dm you!
Food Token is a Decentralized Project  and we protect our privacy and personal life.


Building on the best blockchain and secure
The Food Token system is focusing on providing a reliable, effective and developer-friendly decentralized smart token creation mechanism.
To avoid network congestion problems, The Food Token chose Etherum, the the very fast development platform. Besides, the high performance and the great real-time
transaction demands derived from the high performance are expected to significantly benefit the future scalability and the product iterations of The Food Token system.
For the most challenges we face - the potential risks from the instability of the token price itself,
the system is building various feasible hedging mechanisms available for developers. And for the
liquidity of deployed token, the system has various features available for deployer/developers to
reinforce the stability.


About Quantity :

Our supply is fixed 6 trillion tokens 
Why we choice this quantity and price ? 

We need to create a new Ecosystem in Foods and Drinks Industry, compatibility in any Markets around the world.

Our Project no support any type of ICO or a privat Investement .Food Token need to grow naturally without any potential of pump and dump or other common problems found in the crypto markets.

FOOD Token is for the people by the people who enter in the world of crypto and learn in time easy and trust in food token without fear.  every people can afford this token easy and low costs from the begining. No need skills , Food Token will be Development in the near future a lot a skills in Crypto World . 

Don't worry about price Food Token set price low to give people a big opportunity to buy cheap and Hodl with minimal invested .In future  will be return a lot of happines and trust for our project We decided to take out 6 trillion because we want all people to benefit from the token without risking their wealth accumulated in a life as happened with many expensive and worthless projects.

Our project is not based on any ICO, like many other top projects.

Food Token  is a long-term project and the price will increase naturally without any involvement.

In time we want to get bigger around rhe world. We want to extend this project in many areas. This project will be developed exclusively by our team. 


Food Token Specification :

• CREATED – 10.03.2020

• NAME – FOOD TOKEN

• SYMBOL – FDT

• TOTAL SUPPLY –  6.000.000.000.000 (6 Trillion)

• DECIMALS – 18

• PLATFORM – ETH Smart Contract 

• STANDARD – ERC 20
